# EvaDB-Text-generator-with-TinyLLama
* **Project Aim**: Employ Tiny-Llama Learning Model for a particularly interesting NLP  (Natural Language Processing) task - i.e. text generation.
* **Utilizing Eva-DB**: The project uses the Eva-DB platform for easier loading of CSV files and running custom functions.
* With Eva-DB, you can define and call custom functions with just a few lines of code, and working with data is quite similar to working with a SQL table. Eva-DB provides access to database management system capabilities through a Python framework, allowing you to execute AI function in that particular style.
* **Easy AI Integration**: The platform simplifies the use of common AI functions and tasks with minimal code.
* Moreover, this project aims to use Sentiment Analysis as a tool to verify how proper are the sentences generated by Tiny-llama. 
* Dataset with unfinished sentences are considered as input, and corresponding outputs are provided too. Later, we check the labels (through sentiment analysis) whether they match with the generated text's labels or not.

# Implementation:
* Moreover, do not forget to set up the proper virtual environment in order to deploy Eva-DB properly, and then after you can execute the given .py files.
* The Actual Function: Present in **"tinyllama.py"** file where the Tiny-Llama model implementation that takes in a data-frame with the input string, and outputs the data-frame with the sentence generated, is present.
* Initial inputs taken from: *"data.csv"* file. For the current case-study, both inputs and outputs are passed, and the output generated will be compared with both the input and output in the dataset, to make sure the sentiment recognized is correct, or were there any more interpretations possible.
* Run the **"create.py"** file to run the local custom implementation of the Tiny-llama model. The outputs generated will be written in *"generated.csv"* file. If no such file is present, it will automatically create one. If such a file is present, it will be overwritten.
* Then to get the labels (sentiment analysis output) for each entry, the **"exec.py"** file should be run. It takes input from the *"generated.csv"* file, and then writes each corresponding text, along with its particular label-sentiment analysis in the "ans.csv" file. If no such file is present, it will automatically create one. If such a file is present, it will be overwritten.
* Finally, to see which texts (as generated from the Tiny-llama model) doesn’t match with the actual given input/output, run the **"compare.py"** file. It takes the *"ans.csv"* file as its input. It shows each text, along with its ID where the labels don’t match. The output will be printed in the terminal. 
